boss
There's a lot missing from your eye.
I don't like the way you're looking at me.
I don't want a penny of the shares.
I just want a divorce
Did I tell you not to mention those two times again?
I want a divorce.
Chang'an
By my side
It really pains you.
No explanation
Have a nice day.
Look, I'll fulfill you
You can't remember anything I say anyway
Only believe what others say
Now.
What are you still doing?
Ask you to sign
Doctor, what the hell is going on with him?
Mr. Lu, he is the one who is too emotional
My body couldn't take it for a while, so I passed out
It's okay.
Should the specific situation or go to the hospital?
It can only be cured by checking with professional instruments
I see. Go ahead.